packages/coding-agent/src/prompts/tools/task.md, before:

# Task

Launch subagents to execute parallel, well-scoped tasks.
{{#if asyncEnabled}}
Use `read jobs://` to inspect background task state and `read jobs://<job-id>` for detailed status/output when needed.
When you need to wait for async results before continuing, call `poll_jobs` — it blocks until jobs complete. You MUST NOT poll `read jobs://` in a loop or yield and hope for delivery.
{{/if}}

## What subagents inherit automatically
Subagents receive the **full system prompt**, including AGENTS.md, context files, and skills. You MUST NOT repeat project rules, coding conventions, or style guidelines in `context` — they already have them.

## What subagents do NOT have
Subagents have no access to your conversation history. They don't know:
- Decisions you made but didn't write down
- Which approach you chose among alternatives
- What you learned from reading files during this session
- Requirements the user stated only in conversation

Subagents CAN grep the parent conversation file for supplementary details.
---

## Parameters

### `agent` (required)

Agent type for all tasks in this batch.

### `context` (optional — strongly recommended)

Shared background prepended verbatim to every task `assignment`. Use only for session-specific information subagents lack.

<critical>
You MUST NOT include project rules, coding conventions, or style guidelines — subagents already have AGENTS.md and context files in their system prompt. Repeating them wastes tokens and inflates context. Restating any rule from AGENTS.md in `context` is a bug — treat it like a lint error.
</critical>
**Before writing each line of context, ask:** "Would this sentence be true for ANY task in this repo, or only for THIS specific batch?" If it applies to any task → it's a project rule → the subagent already has it → you MUST delete the line.

WRONG — restating project rules the subagent already has:
```
## Constraints
- Use X import style, not Y (per AGENTS.md)
- Use Z for private fields per AGENTS.md
- Run the formatter after changes
- Follow the logging convention
```
Every line above restates a project convention. The subagent reads AGENTS.md. You MUST delete them all.

RIGHT — only session-specific decisions the subagent cannot infer from project files:
```
## Constraints
- We decided to use approach A over B (session decision)
- The migration target type is `Foo` from `bar` package (looked up this session)
```

Use template; omit non-applicable sections:

````
## Goal
One sentence: batch accomplishes together.

## Non-goals
Explicitly exclude tempting scope — what tasks must not touch/attempt.

## Constraints
- Task-specific MUST / MUST NOT rules not already in AGENTS.md
- Decisions made during this session that affect implementation

## Reference Files
- `path/to/file.ext` — pattern demo
- `path/to/other.ext` — reuse or avoid

## API Contract (if tasks produce/consume shared interface)
```language
// Exact type definitions, function signatures, interface shapes
```

## Acceptance (global)
- Definition of "done" for batch
- Note: build/test/lint verification happens AFTER all tasks complete — not inside tasks (see below)
````
**Belongs in `context`**: task-specific goal, non-goals, session decisions, reference paths, shared type definitions, API contracts, global acceptance commands — anything 2+ tasks need that isn't already in AGENTS.md.
**Rule of thumb:** if repeat in 2+ tasks, belongs in `context`.
**Does NOT belong in `context`**: project rules already in AGENTS.md/context files, per-task file lists, one-off requirements (go in `assignment`), structured output format (goes in `schema`).

### `tasks` (required)

Array tasks execute in parallel.

|Field|Required|Purpose|
|---|---|---|
|`id`|✓|CamelCase identifier, max 32 chars|
|`description`|✓|Short one-liner for UI display only — not seen by subagent|
|`assignment`|✓|Complete per-task instructions. See [Writing an assignment](#writing-an-assignment).|
|`skills`||Skill names preload. Use only when changes correctness — don’t spam every task.|

{{#if isolationEnabled}}
### `isolated` (optional)

Run in isolated git worktree; returns patches. Use when tasks edit overlapping files or when you want clean per-task diffs.
{{/if}}
### `schema` (optional — recommended for structured output)

JTD schema defining expected response structure. Use typed properties. If you care about parsing result, define here — you MUST NOT describe output format in `context` or `assignment`.

<caution>
**Schema vs agent mismatch causes null output.** Agents with `output="structured"` (e.g., `explore`) have a built-in schema. If you also pass `schema`, yours takes precedence — but if you describe output format in `context`/`assignment` instead, the agent's built-in schema wins. The agent gets confused trying to fit your requested format into its schema shape and submits `null`. Either: (1) use `schema` to override the built-in one, (2) use `task` agent which has no built-in schema, or (3) match your instructions to the agent's expected output shape.
</caution>
---

## Writing an assignment

<critical>## Task scope

`assignment` MUST contain enough info for agent to act **without asking a clarifying question**.
**Minimum bar:** assignment under ~8 lines or missing acceptance criteria = too vague. One-liners guaranteed failure.

Use structure every assignment:

```
## Target
- Files: exact path(s)
- Symbols/entrypoints: specific functions, types, exports
- Non-goals: what task must NOT touch (prevents scope creep)

## Change
- Step-by-step: add/remove/rename/restructure
- Patterns/APIs to use; reference files if applicable

## Edge Cases / Don't Break
- Tricky case 1: ...
- Tricky case 2: ...
- Existing behavior must survive: ...

## Acceptance (task-local)
- Expected behavior or observable result
- DO NOT include project-wide build/test/lint commands (see below)
```

`context` carries shared background. `assignment` carries only delta: file-specific instructions, local edge cases, per-task acceptance checks. You MUST NOT duplicate shared constraints across assignments.

### Anti-patterns (ban these)
**Vague assignments** — agent guesses wrong or stalls:
- "Refactor this to be cleaner."
- "Migrate to N-API."
- "Fix the bug in streaming."
- "Update all constructors in `src/**/*.ts`."
**Vague context** — forces agent invent conventions:
- "Use existing patterns."
- "Follow conventions."
- "No WASM."
**Redundant context** — wastes tokens repeating what subagents already have:
- Restating AGENTS.md rules (coding style, import conventions, formatting commands, logger usage, etc.)
- Repeating project constraints from context files
- Listing tool/framework preferences already documented in the repo

If a constraint appears in AGENTS.md, it MUST NOT appear in `context`. The subagent has the full system prompt.

If tempted to write above, expand using templates.
**Output format in prose instead of `schema`** — agent returns null:
Structured agents (`explore`, `reviewer`) have built-in output schemas. Describing a different output format in `context`/`assignment` without overriding via `schema` creates a mismatch — the agent can't reconcile your prose instructions with its schema and submits null data. You MUST use `schema` for output structure, or pick an agent whose built-in schema matches your needs.
**Test/lint commands in parallel tasks** — edit wars:
Parallel agents share working tree. If two agents run `bun check` or `bun test` concurrently, they see each other's half-finished edits, "fix" phantom errors, loop. You MUST NOT tell parallel tasks to run project-wide build/test/lint commands. Each task edits, stops. Caller verifies after all tasks complete.
**If you can't specify scope yet**, create **Discovery task** first: enumerate files, find callsites, list candidates. Then fan out with explicit paths.

### Delegate intent, not keystrokes

Your role as tech lead: set direction, define boundaries, call out pitfalls — then get out of way. Don’t read every file, decide every edit, dictate line-by-line. That makes you bottleneck; agent typist.
**Be specific about:** constraints, naming conventions, API contracts, "don’t break" items, acceptance criteria.
**Delegate:** code reading, approach selection, exact edit locations, implementation details. Agent has tools, can reason about code.

Micromanaging (you think, agent types):
```
assignment: "In src/api/handler.ts, line 47, change `throw err` to `throw new ApiError(err.message, 500)`.
On line 63, wrap fetch call try/catch return 502 on failure.
On line 89, add null check before accessing resp.body..."
```

Delegating (agent thinks within constraints):
```
assignment: "## Target\n- Files: src/api/handler.ts\n\n## Change\nImprove error handling: replace raw throws
with typed ApiError instances, add try/catch around external calls, guard against null responses.\n\n
## Edge Cases / Don't Break\n- Existing error codes in tests must still match\n
- Don't change public function signatures"
```

First style wastes your time, brittle if code shifts. Second gives agent room to do work.
</critical>

## Example

<example type="bad" label="Duplicated context inflates tokens">
<tasks>
  <task name="Grep">
    <description>Port grep module from WASM to N-API...</description>
    <assignment>Port grep module from WASM to N-API... (same blob repeated)</assignment>
</task>
</tasks>
</example>

<example type="good" label="Shared rules in context, only deltas in assignment">
<context>
## Goal
Port WASM modules to N-API, matching existing pi-natives conventions.

## Non-goals
Do not touch TS bindings or downstream consumers — separate phase.

## Constraints
- MUST use `#[napi]` attribute macro on all exports
- MUST return `napi::Result<T>` for fallible ops; never panic
- MUST use `spawn_blocking` for filesystem I/O or >1ms work
...

## Acceptance (global)
- Caller verifies after all tasks: `cargo test -p pi-natives` and `cargo build -p pi-natives` with no warnings
- Individual tasks must NOT run these commands themselves
</context>

<tasks>
  <task name="PortGrep">
    <description>Port grep module to N-API</description>
    <assignment>
## Target
- Files: `src/grep.rs`, `src/lib.rs` (registration only)
- Symbols: search, search_multi, compile_pattern

## Change
- Implement three N-API exports in grep.rs:
  - `search(pattern: JsString, path: JsString, env: Env) -> napi::Result<Vec<Match>>`
...

## Acceptance (task-local)
- Three functions exported with correct signatures (caller verifies build after all tasks)
</assignment>
</task>

  <task name="PortHighlight">
    <description>Port highlight module to N-API</description>
    <assignment>
## Target
- Files: `src/highlight.rs`, `src/lib.rs` (registration only)
...
</assignment>
</task>
</tasks>
</example>
---

## Task scope

Each task MUST have small, well-defined scope — **at most 3–5 files**.
**Signs task too broad:**
- File paths use globs (`src/**/*.ts`) instead of explicit names
- Assignment says "update all" / "migrate everything" / "refactor across"
- Scope covers entire package or directory tree
**Fix:** You MUST enumerate files first (grep/glob discovery), then fan out one task per file or small cluster.
---

## Parallelization
**Test:** Can task B produce correct output without seeing task A's result?
- **Yes** → parallelize
- **No** → run sequentially (A completes, then launch B with A output in context)

### Must be sequential

|First|Then|Reason|
|---|---|---|
|Define types/interfaces|Implement consumers|Consumers need contract|
|Create API exports|Write bindings/callers|Callers need export names/signatures|
|Scaffold structure|Implement bodies|Bodies need shape|
|Core module|Dependent modules|Dependents import from core|
|Schema/DB migration|Application logic|Logic depends on new schema shape|

### Safe to parallelize
- Independent modules, no cross-imports
- Tests for already-implemented code
- Isolated file-scoped refactors
- Documentation for stable APIs

### Phased execution

<caution>
**Parallel agents share the working tree.** They see each other's half-finished edits in real time. This is why:
- Parallel tasks MUST NOT run project-wide build/test/lint — they will collide on phantom errors
- Tasks editing overlapping files MUST use `isolated: true` (worktree isolation) or be made sequential
- The caller MUST run verification after all tasks complete, not inside any individual task
</caution>

Layered work with dependencies:
**Phase 1 — Foundation** (caller MUST do this, MUST NOT delegate): define interfaces, create scaffolds, establish API shape. You MUST NOT fan out until contract is known.
**Phase 2 — Parallel implementation**: fan out tasks consuming same known interface. Include Phase 1 API contract in `context`.
**Phase 3 — Integration** (caller MUST do this, MUST NOT delegate): wire modules, fix mismatches, verify builds.
**Phase 4 — Dependent layer**: fan out tasks consuming Phase 2 outputs.
---

## Pre-flight checklist

<critical>
Before calling tool, verify each item:
- [ ] `context` MUST include only session-specific info not already in AGENTS.md/context files
- [ ] Each `assignment` MUST follow the assignment template — one-liners are PROHIBITED
- [ ] Each `assignment` MUST include edge cases / "don't break" items
- [ ] Tasks MUST be truly parallel — you MUST be able to articulate why no task depends on another's output
- [ ] Scope MUST be small; file paths MUST be explicit (no globs)
- [ ] Tasks MUST NOT run project-wide build/test/lint — caller MUST verify after all tasks complete
- [ ] `schema` MUST be used if you expect structured output
</critical>
---

## Agents

{{#list agents join="\n"}}
<agent name="{{name}}"{{#if output}} output="structured"{{/if}}>
<description>{{description}}</description>
<tools>{{default (join tools ", ") "All tools"}}</tools>
</agent>
{{/list}}

Commit message:

feat(coding-agent): introduced notes:// protocol for session-scoped artifact storage
- Replaced plan:// protocol with notes:// for session-scoped artifact storage and plan finalization.
- Added title parameter to exit_plan_mode tool to enable plan file renaming during approval workflow.
- Implemented NotesProtocolHandler for notes:// URL scheme with path traversal protection and session fallback.
- Added renameApprovedPlanFile function to handle plan artifact finalization with validation and error handling.
- Updated system prompt documentation to reference notes:// protocol and internal URL schemes for artifact access.

packages/coding-agent/src/prompts/tools/task.md, after:

# Task

Launch subagents to execute parallel, well-scoped tasks.
{{#if asyncEnabled}}
Use `read jobs://` to inspect background task state and `read jobs://<job-id>` for detailed status/output when needed.
When you need to wait for async results before continuing, call `poll_jobs` — it blocks until jobs complete. You MUST NOT poll `read jobs://` in a loop or yield and hope for delivery.
{{/if}}

## What subagents inherit automatically
Subagents receive the **full system prompt**, including AGENTS.md, context files, and skills. You MUST NOT repeat project rules, coding conventions, or style guidelines in `context` — they already have them.

## What subagents do NOT have
Subagents have no access to your conversation history. They don't know:
- Decisions you made but didn't write down
- Which approach you chose among alternatives
- What you learned from reading files during this session
- Requirements the user stated only in conversation

Subagents CAN grep the parent conversation file for supplementary details.

For large intermediate outputs (long traces, JSON payloads, temporary analysis snapshots), you SHOULD write them to `notes://<path>` and pass the path in task context instead of inlining bulky text.
---

## Parameters

### `agent` (required)

Agent type for all tasks in this batch.

### `context` (optional — strongly recommended)

Shared background prepended verbatim to every task `assignment`. Use only for session-specific information subagents lack.

<critical>
You MUST NOT include project rules, coding conventions, or style guidelines — subagents already have AGENTS.md and context files in their system prompt. Repeating them wastes tokens and inflates context. Restating any rule from AGENTS.md in `context` is a bug — treat it like a lint error.
</critical>
**Before writing each line of context, ask:** "Would this sentence be true for ANY task in this repo, or only for THIS specific batch?" If it applies to any task → it's a project rule → the subagent already has it → you MUST delete the line.

WRONG — restating project rules the subagent already has:
```
## Constraints
- Use X import style, not Y (per AGENTS.md)
- Use Z for private fields per AGENTS.md
- Run the formatter after changes
- Follow the logging convention
```
Every line above restates a project convention. The subagent reads AGENTS.md. You MUST delete them all.

RIGHT — only session-specific decisions the subagent cannot infer from project files:
```
## Constraints
- We decided to use approach A over B (session decision)
- The migration target type is `Foo` from `bar` package (looked up this session)
```

Use template; omit non-applicable sections:

````
## Goal
One sentence: batch accomplishes together.

## Non-goals
Explicitly exclude tempting scope — what tasks must not touch/attempt.

## Constraints
- Task-specific MUST / MUST NOT rules not already in AGENTS.md
- Decisions made during this session that affect implementation

## Reference Files
- `path/to/file.ext` — pattern demo
- `path/to/other.ext` — reuse or avoid

## API Contract (if tasks produce/consume shared interface)
```language
// Exact type definitions, function signatures, interface shapes
```

## Acceptance (global)
- Definition of "done" for batch
- Note: build/test/lint verification happens AFTER all tasks complete — not inside tasks (see below)
````
**Belongs in `context`**: task-specific goal, non-goals, session decisions, reference paths, shared type definitions, API contracts, global acceptance commands — anything 2+ tasks need that isn't already in AGENTS.md.
**Rule of thumb:** if repeat in 2+ tasks, belongs in `context`.
**Does NOT belong in `context`**: project rules already in AGENTS.md/context files, per-task file lists, one-off requirements (go in `assignment`), structured output format (goes in `schema`).

### `tasks` (required)

Array tasks execute in parallel.

|Field|Required|Purpose|
|---|---|---|
|`id`|✓|CamelCase identifier, max 32 chars|
|`description`|✓|Short one-liner for UI display only — not seen by subagent|
|`assignment`|✓|Complete per-task instructions. See [Writing an assignment](#writing-an-assignment).|
|`skills`||Skill names preload. Use only when changes correctness — don’t spam every task.|

{{#if isolationEnabled}}
### `isolated` (optional)

Run in isolated git worktree; returns patches. Use when tasks edit overlapping files or when you want clean per-task diffs.
{{/if}}
### `schema` (optional — recommended for structured output)

JTD schema defining expected response structure. Use typed properties. If you care about parsing result, define here — you MUST NOT describe output format in `context` or `assignment`.

<caution>
**Schema vs agent mismatch causes null output.** Agents with `output="structured"` (e.g., `explore`) have a built-in schema. If you also pass `schema`, yours takes precedence — but if you describe output format in `context`/`assignment` instead, the agent's built-in schema wins. The agent gets confused trying to fit your requested format into its schema shape and submits `null`. Either: (1) use `schema` to override the built-in one, (2) use `task` agent which has no built-in schema, or (3) match your instructions to the agent's expected output shape.
</caution>
---

## Writing an assignment

<critical>## Task scope

`assignment` MUST contain enough info for agent to act **without asking a clarifying question**.
**Minimum bar:** assignment under ~8 lines or missing acceptance criteria = too vague. One-liners guaranteed failure.

Use structure every assignment:

```
## Target
- Files: exact path(s)
- Symbols/entrypoints: specific functions, types, exports
- Non-goals: what task must NOT touch (prevents scope creep)

## Change
- Step-by-step: add/remove/rename/restructure
- Patterns/APIs to use; reference files if applicable

## Edge Cases / Don't Break
- Tricky case 1: ...
- Tricky case 2: ...
- Existing behavior must survive: ...

## Acceptance (task-local)
- Expected behavior or observable result
- DO NOT include project-wide build/test/lint commands (see below)
```

`context` carries shared background. `assignment` carries only delta: file-specific instructions, local edge cases, per-task acceptance checks. You MUST NOT duplicate shared constraints across assignments.

### Anti-patterns (ban these)
**Vague assignments** — agent guesses wrong or stalls:
- "Refactor this to be cleaner."
- "Migrate to N-API."
- "Fix the bug in streaming."
- "Update all constructors in `src/**/*.ts`."
**Vague context** — forces agent invent conventions:
- "Use existing patterns."
- "Follow conventions."
- "No WASM."
**Redundant context** — wastes tokens repeating what subagents already have:
- Restating AGENTS.md rules (coding style, import conventions, formatting commands, logger usage, etc.)
- Repeating project constraints from context files
- Listing tool/framework preferences already documented in the repo

If a constraint appears in AGENTS.md, it MUST NOT appear in `context`. The subagent has the full system prompt.

If tempted to write above, expand using templates.
**Output format in prose instead of `schema`** — agent returns null:
Structured agents (`explore`, `reviewer`) have built-in output schemas. Describing a different output format in `context`/`assignment` without overriding via `schema` creates a mismatch — the agent can't reconcile your prose instructions with its schema and submits null data. You MUST use `schema` for output structure, or pick an agent whose built-in schema matches your needs.
**Test/lint commands in parallel tasks** — edit wars:
Parallel agents share working tree. If two agents run `bun check` or `bun test` concurrently, they see each other's half-finished edits, "fix" phantom errors, loop. You MUST NOT tell parallel tasks to run project-wide build/test/lint commands. Each task edits, stops. Caller verifies after all tasks complete.
**If you can't specify scope yet**, create **Discovery task** first: enumerate files, find callsites, list candidates. Then fan out with explicit paths.

### Delegate intent, not keystrokes

Your role as tech lead: set direction, define boundaries, call out pitfalls — then get out of way. Don’t read every file, decide every edit, dictate line-by-line. That makes you bottleneck; agent typist.
**Be specific about:** constraints, naming conventions, API contracts, "don’t break" items, acceptance criteria.
**Delegate:** code reading, approach selection, exact edit locations, implementation details. Agent has tools, can reason about code.

Micromanaging (you think, agent types):
```
assignment: "In src/api/handler.ts, line 47, change `throw err` to `throw new ApiError(err.message, 500)`.
On line 63, wrap fetch call try/catch return 502 on failure.
On line 89, add null check before accessing resp.body..."
```

Delegating (agent thinks within constraints):
```
assignment: "## Target\n- Files: src/api/handler.ts\n\n## Change\nImprove error handling: replace raw throws
with typed ApiError instances, add try/catch around external calls, guard against null responses.\n\n
## Edge Cases / Don't Break\n- Existing error codes in tests must still match\n
- Don't change public function signatures"
```

First style wastes your time, brittle if code shifts. Second gives agent room to do work.
</critical>

## Example

<example type="bad" label="Duplicated context inflates tokens">
<tasks>
  <task name="Grep">
    <description>Port grep module from WASM to N-API...</description>
    <assignment>Port grep module from WASM to N-API... (same blob repeated)</assignment>
</task>
</tasks>
</example>

<example type="good" label="Shared rules in context, only deltas in assignment">
<context>
## Goal
Port WASM modules to N-API, matching existing pi-natives conventions.

## Non-goals
Do not touch TS bindings or downstream consumers — separate phase.

## Constraints
- MUST use `#[napi]` attribute macro on all exports
- MUST return `napi::Result<T>` for fallible ops; never panic
- MUST use `spawn_blocking` for filesystem I/O or >1ms work
...

## Acceptance (global)
- Caller verifies after all tasks: `cargo test -p pi-natives` and `cargo build -p pi-natives` with no warnings
- Individual tasks must NOT run these commands themselves
</context>

<tasks>
  <task name="PortGrep">
    <description>Port grep module to N-API</description>
    <assignment>
## Target
- Files: `src/grep.rs`, `src/lib.rs` (registration only)
- Symbols: search, search_multi, compile_pattern

## Change
- Implement three N-API exports in grep.rs:
  - `search(pattern: JsString, path: JsString, env: Env) -> napi::Result<Vec<Match>>`
...

## Acceptance (task-local)
- Three functions exported with correct signatures (caller verifies build after all tasks)
</assignment>
</task>

  <task name="PortHighlight">
    <description>Port highlight module to N-API</description>
    <assignment>
## Target
- Files: `src/highlight.rs`, `src/lib.rs` (registration only)
...
</assignment>
</task>
</tasks>
</example>
---

## Task scope

Each task MUST have small, well-defined scope — **at most 3–5 files**.
**Signs task too broad:**
- File paths use globs (`src/**/*.ts`) instead of explicit names
- Assignment says "update all" / "migrate everything" / "refactor across"
- Scope covers entire package or directory tree
**Fix:** You MUST enumerate files first (grep/glob discovery), then fan out one task per file or small cluster.
---

## Parallelization
**Test:** Can task B produce correct output without seeing task A's result?
- **Yes** → parallelize
- **No** → run sequentially (A completes, then launch B with A output in context)

### Must be sequential

|First|Then|Reason|
|---|---|---|
|Define types/interfaces|Implement consumers|Consumers need contract|
|Create API exports|Write bindings/callers|Callers need export names/signatures|
|Scaffold structure|Implement bodies|Bodies need shape|
|Core module|Dependent modules|Dependents import from core|
|Schema/DB migration|Application logic|Logic depends on new schema shape|

### Safe to parallelize
- Independent modules, no cross-imports
- Tests for already-implemented code
- Isolated file-scoped refactors
- Documentation for stable APIs

### Phased execution

<caution>
**Parallel agents share the working tree.** They see each other's half-finished edits in real time. This is why:
- Parallel tasks MUST NOT run project-wide build/test/lint — they will collide on phantom errors
- Tasks editing overlapping files MUST use `isolated: true` (worktree isolation) or be made sequential
- The caller MUST run verification after all tasks complete, not inside any individual task
</caution>

Layered work with dependencies:
**Phase 1 — Foundation** (caller MUST do this, MUST NOT delegate): define interfaces, create scaffolds, establish API shape. You MUST NOT fan out until contract is known.
**Phase 2 — Parallel implementation**: fan out tasks consuming same known interface. Include Phase 1 API contract in `context`.
**Phase 3 — Integration** (caller MUST do this, MUST NOT delegate): wire modules, fix mismatches, verify builds.
**Phase 4 — Dependent layer**: fan out tasks consuming Phase 2 outputs.
---

## Pre-flight checklist

<critical>
Before calling tool, verify each item:
- [ ] `context` MUST include only session-specific info not already in AGENTS.md/context files
- [ ] Each `assignment` MUST follow the assignment template — one-liners are PROHIBITED
- [ ] Each `assignment` MUST include edge cases / "don't break" items
- [ ] Tasks MUST be truly parallel — you MUST be able to articulate why no task depends on another's output
- [ ] Scope MUST be small; file paths MUST be explicit (no globs)
- [ ] Tasks MUST NOT run project-wide build/test/lint — caller MUST verify after all tasks complete
- [ ] `schema` MUST be used if you expect structured output
</critical>
---

## Agents

{{#list agents join="\n"}}
<agent name="{{name}}"{{#if output}} output="structured"{{/if}}>
<description>{{description}}</description>
<tools>{{default (join tools ", ") "All tools"}}</tools>
</agent>
{{/list}}
